Firefighters run on the road
A group of firemen are running on the road
The firemen are running on the road.
Several firefighters are running on the road
Firefighters are running
The firemen are running on the road
Several firemen are running on the road
Several firemen are running
Several firemen are running on the road
a group of firefighters are running forward
Large tornado in the sky
A large tornado appeared in the sky, whirling and moving
Tornadoes occur frequently in Hainan
Tornadoes cause harm in Hainan
Tornadoes in Sansha, Hainan
A giant tornado has formed
Tornadoes are on the sea
There is a tornado in the distance
The tornado is moving
tornado in Sansha, Hunan Province
A plane took off on an aircraft carrier
Fighter take off
An aircraft takes off on an aircraft carrier.
A white plane is taking off
The fighter took off on the aircraft carrier
The plane took off on the carrier.
The fighter is taking off
A plane is taking off from the carrier under the instructions of the crew.
A gray plane took off from the aircraft carrier and many staff members commanded or watched on site
A plane took off on the aircraft carrier.
The two koreas have stopped hostilities
Stop training along the dividing line
Two men opened the door and a car drove in
Two soldiers opened the door
Cars go out
an armored car drives through a barbed wire gate
Two soldiers opened the door and the car drove out
Armored vehicle passed security check
Two soldiers opened the door
The two koreas have stopped hostilities
The AG600 is sliding from the shore to the surface
An airplane is in the sea
An airplane is sliding from the shore to the surface
A white plane is sliding from the ground to the surface
The plane is driving on the runway
Seaplane is taking off
The plane is slowly moving on the ground
An airplane enters the water
An airplane runs from land to slowly slides into the water
The plane slid from the shore to the surface of the water
A group of firemen are rescuing people in a rainstorm in the ancient city
A group of firefighters rescue people during a rainstorm
Firefighters in the water to rescue those in distress
Firefighters walk in the rainstorm
Firemen rescued trapped people in heavy rain
Firefighters rescue workers in heavy rain
A group of firefighters are working in the city
Many firefighters saved lives in the rain
A team of firemen used boats to help in the rainstorm town
Firefighters rescue people
Latin American passenger planes have been forced to land because of the bomb threat
fleet are exercises
Ships navigate at sea.
Several warships are advancing
Several warships are sailing on the sea
Warships are sailing at sea.
A Navy is conducting exercises
The warship sails on the sea
Warships navigate and fire at sea
Warships are sailing on the sea
a woman is speaking
a woman is speaking
a woman is talking
A woman is being interviewed
A person is being interviewed
a woman is being interviewed
a woman is speaking
A woman is being interviewed.
A woman is being interviewed
patients are being treated by doctors and nurses
People in white clothes and people in blue clothes are close to the person lying on the bed
Patient treated by doctor
patients are being treated by doctors and nurses
patients are being treated by doctors and nurses
Nurses are hanging drips for the wounded.
People are in the ward
Doctors and nurses are looking after patients
The patient is lying on the bed receiving treatment
The patient is treated by a doctor and a nurse
A black man is sitting in a white chair talking
A bald head in black is talking
A black man is talking
A black man is sitting in a white chair talking
A black man is sitting in a white chair talking
A black man sitting in a white chair is talking.
A black man is talking about his opinion
A black man is speaking
a Man sitting in white chair is talking
a black man sitting in a white chair is talking
The flood drowned the streets of the village
Heavy rainfall flooded the village streets.
The flood drowned the village.
The building was flooded.
The flood drowned the building.
The flood flooded the village
The building was submerged in the water
The flood flooded the streets
Villages in flood waters
Some villages have serious water area. 
People in orange clothes are pushing a full boat
At two o'clock in the morning, soldiers were transferring the wounded.
Many people are pushing the boat
Some people are squatting on the water
Several people push the boat to save people
Armed police soldiers rescue trapped people by boat
Many soldiers walk in the water
People in lifejackets push boats at night
Armed police officers and soldiers are pushing boats and lifeboats
officers and soldiers escorted the trapped people away by boat.
a Manned spacecraft is launching
a Manned spacecraft is launching
A rocket launches into the sky
The rocket took off from the launch base
Rocket prepares to launch
Rocket launches
The rocket is launching
A rocket fired and took off
Rocket launches
a rocket fire into the sky
White paper stacks on the floor
White paper with a yellow label placed on the table
Large amount of printouts
The ministry of transport and the ministry of public security have joined forces to clean up Internet security vehicles, and the camera has scanned many paper documents
Many white papers are stacked on the ground in an order
several piles of white paper
Many documents are stacked together
Several stacks of white paper were piled on the table
Multiple piles of documents are placed together
Documents on online car booking
Some papers are on the table
One person broadcasts in the storm
A glass-wood wall on the 21st floor of a building in Shenzhen was knocked down by a hurricane
Reporters describe scenes behind them
The reporter spoke in the heavy rain
 Journalists brave the rain to explain to the audience 
Reporters cover the scene in the storm
A man wears a raincoat
Pictures taken with water-stained lenses
Male journalists broadcasting in the rain
Reporters broadcast the situation after the typhoon on the spot.
Bus falls into river
This morning the rescue boat started working
The bus crashed into a car and fell into the river
A piece of animation
Two cars crashed into the river
a bus on a bridge turns and hits a car and fall off the bridge into the water
The bus fell into the river
A car accident
Simulated animated bus fell into the river
Bus falls into river
Fire truck driving on the road
A large tornado appeared in the sky, whirling and moving
Vehicles on the highway
Ambulances were driving along the highway.
Ambulances are on the highway
Two fire trucks on their way to work
Fire engines are red and yellow
The car is flashing blue lights
Two fire trucks passed one after another
two fire trucks pass in turn
Soldiers are marching
Military are marching
soldiers marching in formation
Soldiers are walking forward
A troop of soldiers are walking
The guard of soldiers walked out of a Gate
Some soldiers are moving
The group walked in front of Tiananmen Square.
The soldiers are moving forward
A white plane landed
A white plane landed
The plane arrived at the airport
A plane landed at the airport
The plane landed from the air and glided on land.
A plane landed successfully at the airport
A white plane is landing
The plane is ready to take off during taxiing
A plane landed at the airport
A white plane landed
The old man in white headscarf made a speech
The old man in white headscarf made a speech
A man with a white beard is speaking
A white beard elder to give a speech
One is talking
An old man is giving a speech.
A white bearded man with a white hat is talking
The President of Iran is giving a speech.
Speech by the President of Iran
One is talking
The fighter took off after running
The fighter took off after running
A plane is taking off
An airplane took off on the runway.
The plane took off on the runway.
A plane flew up the runway into the sky
There is an airplane at the airport
The plane flies overhead after take off
fighter lift-off
A fighter plane takes off normally on the runway of the airport.
American people protest against the appointment of the judge
The people protested in front of the palace
The American people are protesting with their signs.
American people protest against the appointment of the judge
Many people wave their hands with their hands
American people protest against the appointment of the judge
The people protested in front of the palace
The American people are protesting with their signs.
American people protest against the appointment of the judge
American people protest against the appointment of the judge
Experts check
Han Dynasty stops artillery shooting
Several people in white are checking the equipment
The staff is checking the equipment
Several people in white clothes are walking
a couple of people wearing protective clothing are walking around
The staff is checking the equipment
Some people wearing chemical protective clothes
The staff is checking the equipment
Experts check
Police spokesman
Police spokesman
One person is speaking
A police officer was talking
A man was interviewed
a man is speaking
One person is interviewing
Man is interviewing
Police spokesperson interviewed
Police spokesman
The huge storm toppled The United kingdom and Ireland.
The big tree was blown by the storm.
The huge storm toppled The United kingdom and Ireland.
The fierce wind blows trees and walkers
Storm hits crowds and trees
Storms rage and gales continue
Big tree sways in the wind
People are walking in strong wind.
The storm struck, many people on the street went in the wind, the umbrellas were deformed, and people were struggling to walk
The leaves flew in the storm.
Missile ignition launch
Iran tested missiles used to attack warships
Missile Launched Successfully
anti-ship ballistic missiles have been tested
Missile Launching Experiments in an Area
Iran is testing anti-ship ballistic missiles
The missile was launched
Missile launching
Anti-ship Ballistic Missile Launch
Iran launched the Conqueror Missile
People were playing the violin at the celebration
People were playing the violin at the celebration
People playing the violin
The band's violin playing music
a group of people playing an instrument
A group of musicians are playing the violin.
Violinists in red dress playing violin
On the 70th anniversary of Korea's National Day, many people are playing the violin.
Many people are playing musical instruments
people are playing
A car burns on the road
A car burns on the road
A car burns on the road
A car is burning on the road
A car is burning in the middle of high speed road
A car is burning on the road
A car is on fire on the road
A car on the road caught fire.
a car is burning in the middle of the road
Several firefighters packed their backpacks
A party of firemen were packing their backpacks
The firemen packed their things.
Several firefighters are packing their equipment into the backpack
Firemen are putting things in their bags
The firemen packed their backpacks
Several firemen equipped their backpacks
Several firemen were packing their backpacks
Several firemen armed the knapsack
Some firefighters are packing things up
The leaders of the two countries met
The leaders of the two countries sat down separately
Interview with Korean and Korean leaders
Two men sit down
Two people sit on the stool
Chinese side contacts the leaders of the DPRK
Chinese side contacts the leaders of the DPRK
DPRK-ROK leaders talks
North Korean leaders are in talks
Leaders of the two koreas meet
Construction workers are working in the forest
Construction of workers and excavators in wild woods
A group of construction workers working in the wild woods.
The workers were working in the wild woods.
Workers at construction
The workers are working on the construction.
Workers are dismantling bridge facilities
Workers are working in the woods.
Many people wear hard hats to carry timber between the jungle
Construction workers are working in the woods in the wild.
The aerobatic team is holding an air show
The aerobatic team is holding an air show
Jet airplanes fly in the air.
Five blue and white fighter jets with tail smoke flew through the air, and four blue and white fighter jets performed
planes are flying in the air
Air force planes are performing in the sky.
Air Force conducts an air show
The Air Force plane is performing a flying show
Five fighter planes perform in flight
Warplanes are making aerobatic flight
Hippo is playing and eating at the zoo
A hippopotamus eats vegetables at the zoo
Hippos stroll by the pool
Hippo in hippo park is eating and hanging
a huge hippo is walking
Hippos walk and eat in zoos
A hippopotamus is eating
A hippopotamus is walking and eating
A hippopotamus crawls and feeds in a zoo
Hippo is always looking for food
Divers prepare to enter water in chongqing bus crash
Armed police forces are hastening to the scene
The armed police force removed the rescue equipment from the white car and took it to the scene.
The armed police forces carried materials from the car and trodded in an orderly manner to carry the materials back to the river.
Two men on the bus are sending white plates to the group of people off the bus. 
The soldiers are carrying something.
The Armed Police Force is carrying rescue equipment to the scene
Armed police officers and soldiers carry rescue equipment
Soldiers carry oxygen cylinders from transport trucks
The Armed Police Force is carrying rescue equipment
People come up and shake hands
Representatives of the Geneva peace talks on Syria shake hands
People shaking hands
An old man in a suit shakes hands with a group of people coming
People came over and shook hands with a white-haired man
People come up and shake hands
Leaders met and shook hands
People came up and shook hands
Several people shook hands to communicate
A man shook hands with two men one after another
People are shaking hands
The reporter is explaining the special structure of the aircraft.
The reporter is introducing the plane.
A young female journalist was explaining the design of the aircraft.
A reporter in an orange jacket spoke and touched the bottom of the plane
a woman is explaining
The reporter said as he walked.
The host is introducing the appearance of the aircraft
A woman in red is speaking.
A short-haired lady in red is walking while talking and introducing a piece of iron with wheels
A woman in a red dress is talking.
A driver in jiangsu province stopped to help his grandmother cross the road
Cars running on the road
When the vehicle is driving on the road, one person gets off the bus and helps the elderly to pass the zebra crossing.
The vehicle stopped on the road, and a driver got off the car to help the old man walk across the sidewalk, and the rest of the cars stopped and waited.
Traffic runs on the road
Someone is helping the elderly to cross the road in the traffic.
Vehicles on the road
The car owner stopped to help the old lady across the road
The driver got out and helped Grandma across the road.
Traffic runs on the road
Several soldiers are running
Several soldiers are running
some soldiers are running
A troop of soldiers are running
Several soldiers are running one by one
Several soldiers are walking by
Some soldiers are marching ahead
Some people are running with their guns.
Several soldiers were running
The host is talking
Reporters reported the rescue situation
A man was talking with a microphone.
The host is talking
One is talking with a microphone
The television reporter is covering the disaster.
The reportor is reporting about the quake lake
TV reporters are reporting on the mountain
a live reporter is reporting
A man is talking to a voice tube in the wild
An airplane is flying in the air
A plane is flying in the air
The plane is flying in the air.
An airplane is flying in the air
an Airplane is flying in the air
A fighter plane is flying in the air
An airplane is flying in the air
An airplane is flying in the air
An airplane is flying in the air
an Airplane is flying in the sky
firefighters are putting out the fire
The firemen are using water to put out the fire
Fire crews carry out fire extinguishing work on houses
Firefighters are destroying the fire in the building
Firefighters are putting out the fire
The firemen sprayed water on the burning house
The firemen are putting out the fire
Several firemen were spraying water into the burning house
Firefighters use water to extinguish fires
Several firefighters are putting out the fire
Two fighters flew in formation
Two fighters flew in formation
Two planes flying in the air
Two fighters flying in the sky side by side
Two planes are flying
Two fighters are flying side by side
Two fighters are flying
Many battleplanes are flying on the sky.
Two fighters are flying in the air
Two bombers are flying together
Firefighter picks up a woman
Firefighters rescue pregnant women waiting for labor
A person carries a back on his back.
a group of people rescue a person
firefighters rescue people
Firefighters rescue trapped women
A man with a woman on his back
Fire brigade rescues Expectant mother
Four firefighters saved a woman
Firefighters rescue trapped women 
a ship caught fire at sea
The bounty boat caught fire for 40 minutes.
Fire on a ship at sea
Fire at sea
A ship is on fire at sea.
A ship caught fire at sea
Black smoke billowed from the cruise ship at sea
TThere is a ship on fire
A ship caught fire
Ships burn at sea 
Several cars passed through the checkpoint
Several cars passed through the checkpoint
cars are driving on the road
Several cars passed through the checkpoint
Cars passed soldiers with guns
Many cars are driving on the road
The team passed the checkpoint
A lot of vehicles are driving on the road
Several police vehicles passed the checkpoint
Several cars driving through
People are carrying supplies
The army delivered relief supplies
A group of people were carrying supplies.
People are rescuing and moving supplies
Rescue workers help people carry materials
The villagers are carrying out disaster rescue work.
The firemen are helping people to evacuate
Fire officers and soldiers help the villagers to transfer and evacuate,
Emergency crews set up green tents
Officers are taking rescue operation
A wild elephant walks slowly on the road
A wild elephant walks slowly on the road
An elephant is walking. 
An elephant walks in the village. 
An elephant is walking. 
An elephant was walking in the village
A man photographed an elephant on the roof
An elephant is walking in the village
An elephant is walking 
An elephant walks leisurely in the village.
Many cars drive on the highway
Many cars drive on the highway
Many vehicles are driving on the road
There are many cars on the road
The car is running on the road
Many cars drive on the highway
The highway traffic is huge
Many cars driving on the road
Many vehicles are driving on the highway
Cars are driving on the highway
People are rowing the dragon boat
many people are rowing dragon boat
many people are rowing the dragon boat
Three ships are sailing in the water
Several people are having dragon boat competition
people are holding dragon boat race
People on the river face are holding dragon boat races
many people are rowing the dragon boat
Dragon boat races are taking place on the river
The plane is taking off
a plane is taking off
The plane slowly lifted off.
The plane is taking off
The plane is taking off
A military aircraft is taking off.
An aircraft is taking off
A plane is taking off
The fighter plane is taking off
A white plane is taking off
Vehicles driving on the road in rainy weather
Heavy rain and severe convective weather occur frequently
Vehicles were driving in the typhoon.
Vehicles were driving in the typhoon at night
 Vehicles drove slowly in the heavy rain 
Many vehicles were driving on the flooded streets
Two trucks is moving
Vehicles drive at night with lights on
Vehicles travelling at night
Many vehicles drive at night in the rain.
A athlete is performing martial arts
An intro about an man who studied KongFu
Athletes compete in Wushu
A man in Olympic
A athlete is performing martial arts
 a man dressed in purple is performing martial arts 
A athlete is performing martial arts
An athlete performing martial arts
A man performs on the stage.
A man is performing martial arts
The firemen rowed the people back
Investigating a crime group
fire fighters sail for disaster relief
ship on the water
A canoe sailing
 several people paddling a life raft to shore,
The firemen rowed the people back
Some firemen are working
A group of people took the boat and landed on the shore.
A boat was sailing on the lake
Russian fighter planes are making an emergency landing on the highway
Troops are marching
The soldiers marched in the snowstorm.
：A troop of soldiers is advancing
The soldiers bore heavy loads through the snow
Soldiers are walking in the snow.
The Russian army advanced in the snowstorm
The troops are marching in the snow
Soldiers lined up in the snowstorm
Soldiers are walking in a blizzard
Soldiers walking with weapons
The heavily armed soldiers are moving
a group of soldiers are walking around
A group of soldiers marching in
a group of soldiers walking around the grass
A group of soldiers were marching.
A group of soldiers are walking with equipment
A group of soldiers are walking with helmets, bags on their backs and guns.
Many soldiers are exercising.
soldiers are  walking with guns
The doctor is standing
The doctor is standing
People stand together
Medical personnel to communicate with the police
a group of medical staff standing together
Communication between medical staff and police
Doctor and nurse are chatting
Health care probiders are waiting outside the door for rescue.
Many rescuers stood together
people are waiting at the door of the house
Cyber security engineer with a pair of black glasses is interviewing
Network security engineer speaking
A man in glasses was talking
A young man was answering a question
A man is being interviewed
An engineer is being interviewed
An engineer is giving interviews
A man is being interviewed
A man with glasses was interviewed
A man is being interviewed
Several ships are sailing on the sea
Several ships are sailing on the sea
Ships sail on the sea.
Many warships are sailing at sea
The fleet sailed on the sea
Many warships are sailing at sea
Warships of the US are training
The Warship sails on the sea
Naval fleets sailing at sea
several warships are on the sea
Firefighters are extinguishing
Firefighters fight floods in sandstorms
A team of firefighters are putting out the fire.
Firefighters put out fires in the sand
Fire officers and soldiers spray water in sandstorms
Firefighters are putting out the fire
Sandstorm
Firefighters are trying to put out the fire with the water pipe.
Several firefighters are fighting fire with high-pressure water guns
Firefighters are extinguishing
The helicopter is on a mission
some helicopters are in an operation
Two helicopters
Two hewlicopters are taking off
A number of helicopters
 several gunships fly 
The helicopter is taking off
A helicopter is moving
A helicopter flies in the air.
The helicopter is taking off

Several soldiers pass by with guns in their hands
Several heavily armed soldiers are walking with guns
Police and police cars are parked on the street, and several soldiers are walking on the street with guns.
Several soldiers were walking through the crowd with guns
Soldiers are walking with guns.
Several soldiers were walking with guns
The soldiers were patrolling at gunpoint
Armed soldiers are on patrol
Several soldiers were walking with guns
A rocket fires and emits a lot of smoke
The first commercial private space trip lasted about a week.
a rocket lifted off
a rocket was launched
Rocket liftoff
A rocket is taking off
A lot of smoke appeared
A rocket emits flames that produce a lot of smoke
Rocket launched
A rocket launches into the clouds.
Two men are walking side by side
A black suit man and a gray dress man walked side by side
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are shaking hands
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are walking side by side
Two men are walking side by side
The soldiers handheld lights
The army patrol
The soldiers marched in the darkness.
The soldiers are on patrol
Several soldiers walked in the dark night
Soldiers are patrolling on foot at night.
Firemen are rescuing during the night
Fire officers and soldiers walk patrol at night
rescue officers and soldiers were in line.
Soldiers are walking in the night
Chairman Xi talked about the future of reform and opening up at the exhibition
Xi Jinping speaks to the public with a microphone
People are listening to someone talking
The chairman took the microphone to speak
a group of people are listening to someone
The chairman spoke with a microphone
General Secretary Xi Jinping is holding a microphone and speaking
Xi Jinping delivered a speech and the crowd nodded in agreement.
Xi Jinping is talking and many people are listening
The people are listening to President Xi   s speech
Several cars are passing in the airport
Several cars passed, one with a Chinese five-star red flag
Cars with national flags on them are passing in the airport
A row of black vehicles with flags in the airport
Several cars passed by the plane at the airport, one with two flags
A black car is driving
There are vehicles driving on the tarmac
Several cars passed the airport
Several cars were driving on the runway of the airport
Two men ran with the car
Several cars are are driving at the airport
Cars are running on the road
cars are on the road
Cars run on the highway.
cars are on the road
Cars on the road in rainy weather
Cars are on the rainy road.
Cars are running in rainy weather
The  cars are driving on a rainy day,
Several cars passed by
Cars are passing a traffic light
Chairman Xi shook hands with college students from different regions and encouraged them to study hard
Xi Jinping shakes hands and talks cordially with young people
An adult in a black shirt is shaking hands with a group of people
The chairman shook hands with people
A person is shaking hands with a group of people
Chairmen shake hands with people one by one
General Secretary Xi Jinping is shaking hands with a group of people.
Xi Jinping is shaking hands with some young people kindly.
Xi Jinping shakes hands with a group of people in turn
President Xi is shaking hands with young people
Traffic police directing traffic in the snow
Traffic police command vehicles on snowy roads
Traffic police command traffic in snowy weather.
Traffic policemen directed vehicles on snow-covered roads
Snowing car is driving on the road
Traffic police directed vehicles on the road through snow and ice sections
The vehicle is slowly moving in the rain and snow
Cars are going pass a policeman in the snow.
There is a lot of snow on the road, and the traffic police are wearing yellow clothes to direct the vehicles in the snow
The traffic police commanded the car to drive in the snow.
Firefighters rescue trapped people in th water.
Firefighters rescue trapped people in th water.
Firemen rescue trapped people.
Several rescue workers pulled the black-clad women and children on the lifeboat into the water.
The firemen are walking on the flooded road
Firefighters are rescuing residents trapped in the rain.
Firefighters rescue people trapped by heavy rain
Firefighters walk in the water to rescue trapped people,
Firefighters rescue people in villages flooded by heavy rain
Firefighters are executing a rescue mission in the flood
Two cars crashed at the intersection
One car knocked over the other car
Two cars collided on the sidewalk.
One car knocked over another car
A car was knocked over by another car
Two cars collided at the crossroad.
Two cars crashed at the intersection
two cars collided at the intersection
A car hit another car and rolled it over at the intersection.
A car is hit by another car
a building is on Fire
The top of a white building is on fire and smokes
a building is Firing 
a building is on Fire and Smokes
a building is on Fire and Smoke
a hotel is on Fire and smoke
The fire is burning in the building
A building is on fire
a House is on fire
The building ignited a fire and smoke
The ambulance pulled out of the scene
The ambulance pulled out of the scene
White vehicle is driving
An ambulance driving fast
Ambulance driving
Ambulance at high speed
The ambulance drove off
The ambulance left with the injured.
An ambulance drove away
people are beside the ambulance
many vehicles are on the road
Many vehicles are travelling on a street
many vehicles are on the road
many vehicles are on the road
many vehicles are on the road
many cars are driving on the road
The vehicles are driving on the road
Many cars are driving across the road
Vehicle are driving on the road
Many vehicles are driving on the road
The female reporter is talking about the scenic spot
A female reporter in a blue dress is talking
a female reporter is speaking
The female reporter is talking about the scenic spot
The female reporter is talking about the scenic spot
a female journalist is reporting in scenic spots
A lady is speaking
A female reporter is broadcasting the situation on the spot
a female reporter is talking about scenic spots
a female reporter is talking about scenic spots
Chongqing police xie yi speech
A policewoman being interviewed
A female police officer receives an interview with CCTV in front of the police car.
A lady stood in front of the police car and was interviewed by cctv
The woman is speaking in front of the police car
A female is being interviewed.
The lady stood in front of the police car for an interview
Woman interviewed
Women policemen interviewed on police car trays
The woman stood in front of the police car for an interview
There are a large number of fishing boats at sea.
Typhoon is called Typhoon when it reaches Twelve Levels.
Typhoon Beibei came to Guangdong
Typhoon Beibeijia landed in Guangdong
 Reporters shoot Typhoon Beibeijia 
Dozens of fishing boats moored near the port waiting to leave
Video cameras shoot dozens of fishing boats from the air
Many ships take shelter in the harbor
Many ships are parked on the lake
Dozens of ships moored at the wharf
Two people are shaking hands
Two people are shaking hands
The leaders of the two countries shook hands with each other
Two men are shaking hands
Two people shaking hands
 we're shaking hands
Russia contacts other country messengers
Two men shaking hands
Two men shaking hands
Russian President shakes hands with Syrian representative
Excavators are shaving
Two Excavators were digging
Excavators are shaving
Excavator is digging a large pit on the road
Excavators are excavating dirt
Two excavators are digging on the road
The excavator is digging
An excavator is digging the earth
The excavator is digging earth
The excavator is processing the collapsed ground
Two men were on a speedboat
Two speedboats were sailing on the uneven surface of the water
Two people are riding a motorboat at sea
Two speedboats are driving on the sea
Two motor boats on the water
The two drove the speedboat on the river
People watch the tide on the boat
People are preparing to surf
People ride motorboats to watch the tide
The blue river is situated in a green canyon
Landslide formed barrier lake at the border of sichuan and Tibet
The River moves in the canyon.
The blue river flows through the green canyon
The water level in the lake between the mountains changes
animation demonstration of landslide
The situation of the quake lake between Xizang and Sichuan province
The demonstration of the sluice lake venting flow
Animation of dredging barrier lake
The River moves in the canyon.
An excavator is working on the mountain
an excavator is at work
The excavator is rotating.
The excavator is spinning
An excavator is clearing the earth
An excavator is working on mud
An excavator is working on the mountain
an excavator excavates on snow-covered mud
Excavators works on snow-rich mountains
an excavator is at work
A large number of crops have been planted
Category 6 to 9 gales are a major crop disaster
Crops are blown down by the wind
Crops are blown down
The wind blows down the crops
The crops were blown down by the gale
Green plants fall into the water
Falling Green Crops
Fallen corn stalks
After the typhoon, farmland and crops were seriously damaged.
Rescue workers try to pick up the elderly
Rescuers carry the elderly to a safe place
rescuers rescue people in the mountains
Man is saved on the hill
There's a man saving people.
Special police officers carry the old man down the hill
A group of people helped the old
Save the elderly to safety
Special police officers carry the old man down the hill
Officers and soldiers rescue the trapped elderly
People are racing dragon boats
People are racing dragon boats
People are rowing
People struggling to delimit dragon boat crossed the finish line
a group of people are rowing
People are rowing dragon boats across the finish line.
A lot of teams are drawing dragon boat races.
Dragon boat races are going on on the river.
Many people are competing in Dragon boats
people are racing dragon boats on the water
A group of people attended the court
Nanjing traffic police were towed to death case for trial
A group of people attended the court
A man was tried in court
The defendant stood in front of the ordinary people
The jury were sitting in the courtroom and listening to the trial
A group of people attended the court
The trial site of the court
A group of people attended the court
Man in white standing in front of some police
A little girl was interviewed
A little girl was interviewed
Primary school students receive interviews with reporters
A microphone is facing a little girl
A little girl accepts the visit
a little girl to be interviewed.
A little girl with a ball head is interviewed
Reporter interviewed primary school students
The reporter interviewed a primary school student
A little girl was interviewed by a reporter
The helicopter is taxiing
The helicopter is taxiing
a white helicopter is moving
The helicopter was flying on the ground and turning
An airplane moving on the ground
A helicopter was flying very close to the ground.
Helicopter is moving
A helicopter is gliding slowly on the ground.
A helicopter is taxiing
Helicopter is driving on the ground
The AG600 is flying above the water steadily.
A plane is taking off above the water steadily.
The plane is flying above the water steadily.
A white plane was flying over the water.
Aircraft lift off
Amphibious planes are soaring
The airplane is taking off
A plane is climbing.
An airplane gradually rises above the water
The plane took off on the water.
A large truck rolled over on a highway
A big truck lost control and broke down as soon as it came out of the tunnel.
a truck rolling
The cargo of a truck was thrown out
a truck full of goods
A truck crashed on the road and the goods spilled out
There was an accident on the highway
The rollover truck emits a lot of white smoke
Rollovers occur in large trucks
a truck on a high-speed buck rolls over when it enters a curve.
A group of women players are playing basketball.
A group of women players are playing basketball.
A group of women players are playing basketball.
There are women in white and women in red playing ball games
a women's basketball match is going on in the gymnasium
The women's basketball match is going on.
Korean Women's Basketball Team Participates in the basketball Games
Girls play basketball games on the basketball court
Women are playing a Basketball Match
A group of women players are playing basketball.
The designer of the aircraft is telling the hard points while designing.
A man is speaking with glasses.
A middle-aged aircraft designer was interviewed.
A middle-aged man in a light blue dress was speaking.
a man is explaining
A man is talking.
The aircraft designer is introducing airplane
A man in blue shirt is speaking.
A man with a shirt and glasses with little hair is talking
A male is speaking.
A man is talking
A white-bearded male in a black suit with black-rimmed glasses is speaking
A man is talking
A man is talking
A man is talking
A professor is talking
A man is making a point of view
A man is being interviewed
Man with glasses is talking
a man is speaking
Two combat aircraft take off
Two combat aircraft flying together
Two fighters are flying in the sky.
Two fighters were flying in the sky
Fighter flying in the sky
Two planes were flying in the air
The fighter is flying
Two fighters are taking off.
Two fighters are taking off
Two fighters are flying.
The fighter is sliding
The fighter is sliding
a fighter moving on the ground
A fighter plane slowly start to lift off
An airplane moving on the ground
A fighter plane is ready to take off
The fighter is taxiing
A battleplane is crawling slowly on the ground.
A fighter plane glides on the ground
a combat plane driving on the ground
a governor announces his policy address
A woman official in the court was speaking.
a woman delivered her second policy address
A woman in glasses is talking.
A woman reads out the policy address
A woman is speaking
The chief executive is making a speech.
A woman is speaking
A woman in pink is giving a speech
a woman in pink sweaters is making a speech
A woman in white is making a speech
The 37th,38th Beidou satellites are sent into space.
Satellite Launch and Rocket Shedding.
A missile is being launched.
The satellite is igniting and taking off
Rocket launch
Satellite launched
The rocket is taking off
A rocket is launched at night.
A rocket separates after launches
The rocket launch produces a lot of flames.
five people talk and shake hands
Three people in blue clothes and two people in black clothes are talking
Five people talk and shake hands
Five people talk and shake hands
Five people talk and shake hands
a reporter is interviewing
Some people are talking
Several astronauts are shaking hands
People are talking indoors
Six people talk and shake hands
The court pronounced the suspect guilty
The presiding judge of the court read out the verdict
Judge reads the referee results
A person holding a paper in a speech
There is someone talking
The court pronounced the suspect guilty
The court pronounced the suspect's crime according to law
Court verdict
Judge sentenced to bribery
The judge pronounced the verdict in court
a Fighter takes off
A fighter plane taxiing and taking off on the runway
a fighter plane takes off
a fighter plane takes off
A fighter jet takes off
a Fighter takes off
A fighter plane taxiing and taking off on the runway
a fighter plane takes off
a fighter plane takes off
A fighter jet takes off
Rescue workers escorted newly rescued victims to ambulances
Rescue workers escorted newly rescued victims to ambulances
a group of people pushing a person with a car
The miners were rescued and mine was carried in an ambulance
Several people push a person with a car
A miner was rescued and lifted into an ambulance.
One person is carried out by a stretcher
A trapped man was rescued after 19 hours of the rescue work.
An injured man was wheeled away by rescuers in a car
A worker is being carried on an ambulance by a stretcher
The rescuers pulled at the rope
The rescue helicopter arrives
A man pulls a rope on a ship
A man in orange
A man in orange
a man on a boat is pulling a rope
One person salvage things in the sea through the rope
Man is recycling fishing line
One person salvage things in the sea through the rope
The rescuers pulled at the rope
a group of people digging things in the ruins
a group of people digging things in the ruins
Many people save people in the ruins.
Many people search for people in the mine.
Some people look for wounded people in the mine.
Many people were searching for and rescuing collapsed mines
Many people wear different colors of clothes
Many people stand on the collapsed mountain
A group of people searched the mine
Many people work in the ruins of collapse. 
A neat fleet is driving in the middle of the street.
Leaders of the two countries met.
Many motorcycle trailers are driving on the road
A person sitting in the car waving to others
Motorcycle team in a row on the street
Motorcycle teams escorted a car to patrol the streets
There are many people on both sides of the street
Motorcycle teams drive along roads full of people on both sides
Motorcycles escort cars, people on the roadside
Motorcycle team escorted the car of the Korean leader driving in the street, the Korean leader waved to the people around him.
a Fighter takes off
a Fighter takes off
a Fighter takes off
a Fighter takes off
A plane is taking off
a Fighter is flying higher
A plane is taking off
An airplane is taking off.
A plane is taking off
four teams participate in the dragon boat race
Four dragon boats are racing on the water.
Four teams participate in the dragon boat race.
Four dragon boat teams are competing on the water
Dragon boat race
Four teams in Dragon Boat Race
The dragon boat race is going on
People are having dragon boat racing.
Four dragon boat teams wearing different colors of clothes carry out dragon boat races on the water
People are rowing competitions.
Soldiers in minesweeping
Soldiers sweep mines in the field
Several soldiers are clearing mines.
Three soldiers were clearing the grass.
Several soldiers are sweeping mines
Soldiers stand in a line to clear mines
The soldiers are minesweeping
Soldiers in explosion-proof clothing are working.
Three soldiers are minesweeping in the grass
The soldiers cleared the mines in the grass.
Diver sink
Two batches of divers are launched
Two men stood on a frame and slowly dipped into the water
Underwater salvage by divers
Divers launching
two divers are going under water
Use equipment to salvage the bus
Diver launching
Rescuers diving
Diver sink
Several people fell down on the elevator
Several people fell down on the elevator
Several people fell on the escalator
A woman holding a child fell on the escalator
Several people fell on the elevator
A woman with a child fell down on the escalator
Three people fell off the elevator
An adult and two children fell off the elevator and were injured.
Three people fell down on the elevator
An old man and two children roll off the escalator
The injured were interviewed by reporters on their beds
a woman lying in a hospital bed
The patient lying in bed is being interviewed.
A woman tells about a high-speed traffic accident in Lanhai
Interview with Woman Injured in Lanhai High Speed Traffic Accident
Half of the injured in Lanhai traffic accident have been discharged from hospital.
Female patients were interviewed by reporters on their beds
A woman is lying in bed
A woman lie in bed
A woman was lying in bed talking
Lanhai High-speed Accident wounded in hospital interviews.
People race dragon boats on the water
People race dragon boats on the water
a group of people are rowing
Under the command of a leader , the people on the dragon boat in the lead to sliding paddle
a group of people are rowing
The people on the Dragon Boat tried to rowing under command
Several teams in the dragon boat race
The dragon boat crew are paddling desperately forward.
Many people are rowing dragon boats
people are racing dragon boats on the water
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense announced the holding of the Xiangshan Conference
A man in military uniform is talking
The Ministry of Defense spokesperson
The Defense Ministry spoke is speaking
A soldier is speaking
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense announced the holding of the Xiangshan Conference
The Ministry of Defense spokesperson
Ministry of Defense spokesperson
Speech by the Ministry of Defense spokesperson
A defense ministry spokesman spoke at a press conference
I was surfing alone
Surfing alone on the water
A person surfing at sea
A man in blue is surfing
A person is surfing
A person surfing on the river
Man surfing in the tide
A man surfing in the tide
A man is surfing
Warship launches missile
NATO pays attention to the Russian move
Many missiles are launched from the sea
Russia is conducting military exercises
Missiles fired from warships
a missile is launched on the sea
The missile is launching
Missile drill
Battleship launch missile
Warship launches missile
People lit candles to pray for the dead
Crowds lamentting casualty with a candle for each
People are holding candles and praying together at night
Many people gathered together holding candles in their hands
Many people held candles in their hands.
People holding candles gathered at night.
Many people pray with candles in their hands
People prayed with candles in their hands
Local residents holding candles in prayer
Many held candles in their hands to pray
Chairman Xi embraced the children warmly in the community
Xi Jinping Plays with Children
An adult in a black shirt is talking to a group of children
The chairman play with the children 
a group of adults talking with a group of children
The chairman plays with children
A group of children gathered around the friendly secretary Xi Jinping
Xi Jinping is hugging a group of children with a smile.
Xi Jinping interacts with many children in kindergarten
President Xi and a group of people are visiting the children.
Enterprise personnel bid farewell to Chairman Xi
People send Xi Jinping away by bus
a group of people clapping and speaking
People clap hands and sing
a group of people singing and sing
People clap their hands and sing
A group of people in white shirts with badges on their chests waved and clap their hands
A group of people are clapping their hands to see Xi Jinping off.
Many people clap their hands and sing
The staff is singing and sending President Xi to leave by car
Several firefighters are repairing the car
firemen are rescuing a car
Several firefighters are repairing the car
Several firefighters are repairing the car
Firefighters pried open the deformed door of the truck
Firefighters are rescuing
Firefighters are rescuing
Firefighters are rescuing
Firefighters rescued the truck driver from the accident
Firefighters are rescuing in a car accident
A man is talking
The speaker is introducing an old town
Reporters are reporting
a reporter is talking
A man with blue cloth is talking
A reporter is reporting
A person is speaking
A person stands by the wall and speaks.
A man was talking beside a brick wall
A man in orange clothes walks in the big water
Twenty-two passengers were trapped in a car
Typhoon Capricorn landed in Jilin
Typhoon Capricorn continues northward
Typhoon Capricorn does harm to Jilin
A man in a life jacket walks in deep water
A bus was parked in the water
The car is in deep water
A man walks in half-waist-deep water
Firefighters walk through knee water
There are many cars on the road
Cars are driving on the highway
Vehicles are passing through the charging port.
Many vehicles drive through toll stations
many cars are on the road
many cars are on the road
Many cars are driving on the highway
The car passed through the toll booth
Many cars are driving on the highway
Many cars are driving on the road
Rocket launch failed
The sensor exception caused the booster to not work properly
The rocket slowly lifted off
Russian Spacecraft Launch Failure
Rocket launches into the sky
A rocket launchs
Rocket launching
Spaceship launch
Rocket launching
Rocket launch failed
Tank working on the snow
Tanks and soldiers are fighting in the snow
a group of soldiers and tanks marching on the snow
A group of soldiers following the tanks in the snow
Soldiers and tanks walking on the snow
A group of people followed the tank in the snow.
A group of people are walking behind the tank in the snow
Some people and tanks are marching in the snow.
A group of people followed the tank in the snow
a group of people and tanks are walking on the snow
a man crying at the seaside
A man cried in an interview
a man is crying 
a man iscrying at the seaside
a man is crying at the seaside
A man was interviewed by the sea.
A man is crying and talking
A man is being interviewed
a Man is crying in an interview
a man crying at the beach
an accident in which a car rotates and rolls over
A car crashed into a guardrail.
A car rolled over when it was out of control in a bend.
A white van rolled out of control on the highway
The car is out of control on the road
A van suddenly ran out of control and rolled over
One car slips
A car had an accident on the road.
A car slams into the ground after hitting an obstacle on the road
A car crashed into the railing and rolled over.
Some of illegal guns and bombs were shown to us.
There are many guns to be destroyed.
The Ministry of Public Security concentrated on displaying confiscated illegal gun and explosive articles.
A large number of illegal guns and explosives are being displayed on the red carpet.
Many guns are on the ground
The Ministry of Public Security displays the illegal explosives to be destroyed
The guns are neatly placed
Guns on the ground.
There are many guns and other items on the red ground at the scene of the destruction of illegal guns and explosives
There are guns on the red carpet.
The rescued men disembarked from the helicopter
The engine suddenly caught fire
Several people got off the helicopter
Several people came down from the helicopter
The helicopter stopped at the airport.
a couple of people disembark from a helicopter
a group of people walked off the plane
Some men go under helicopter
The distressed person successfully landed
The rescued men disembarked from the helicopter
A river level over the steel bridge
The water level rose sharply and the steel bridge being built was broken.
Reporters Explain the Cut-off of Jinsha River
Journalists aerial photography of the upper tributary of the Zangqu River
Reporters Talk about the Cut-off of Jinsha River
The Jinsha River was cut off and the water level of the Zangqu River rose
There is a barrier lake in the middle of the canyon
Aerial picture of a river
Jinsha River overlooking the map
the Jinsha River is cut off to form a barrier lake
The two leaders are exchanging documents.
The two leaders are exchanging documents.
The two men are shaking hands.
The two heads of state held their hands twice.
The two men exchanged documents and shook hands.
Two men are shaking hands and talking
Many flags are behind two people
Two people exchange documents and shake hands
Russian and Cuban leaders shake hands
The two leaders shake hands and exchange the documents in their talks. 
Some towers are spraying flames.
Several black-clad men rushed into restaurants and smashed them.
The refinery tower is discharging smoke.
Some refinery towers are smoking.
Some towers are smoking.
A number of refineries are exhausting smoke
A building sprayed fire into the air
Flames and smoke erupted from the top of the tower
Two refining towers are working
Some of Iran's refinery towers are smoking. 
Fighter flying in the sky
Three fighters lined up in the sky
Several fighters are flying in the sky.
Three fighters are flying in the sky
Fighter flying in the sky
Three planes are flying in the air
The fighter is flying
Three fighters are flying in the sky
Three planes are flying in the sky
Fighter flying in the sky
Reasons for El Salvador's diplomatic relations with China
The president is speaking
a man makes a statement.
A man giving speech
A speaking man 
two officials shake hands to establish diplomatic relations with the country 
President El Salvador is speaking
The president is speaking
An old man gave a speech on the stage.
A man is giving a speech
The students are listening to the teacher in class.
The students with red scarf are listening to the teacher in class.
The students are listening to the teacher in class.
The students sat in the classroom.
Elementary school students in class
Students attend classes in the classroom.
Students are taking classes
The students are sitting in the classroom.
A teacher gave a lecture at the podium. A group of children wearing red scarves sat in the classroom and listened to classes
Students sit and listen to the teacher.
Lunar rover simulation animation on the moon
Turkish-Russian interaction is particularly noticeable
The shape of Chang'e No.4 is open to the public
Chang'e 4 Lunar rover is open in shape
 Reporters introduce the shape of Chang'e 4 lunar rover 
Chang'e-4 Lunar Rover shows its shape and working process through animation for the first time
An object is moving to the right
Lunar rover simulation image
Simulate two vehicles working on the moon
Chang'e 4 Lunar Rover shape open
Chongqing bus crash ship ready for rescue
Some ships on the water
Different boats are parked on the water
Some boats stop on the wide water
Some boats stopped on the water
There are some ships on the river
Some ships stopped on the water
The ship stopped on the river
Ships salvaging accident vehicles
Some boats stopped on the water
The soldier fired with a gun
The act continues
A man was shooting with a gun
Russian Military Exercise
The armored car drove past.
soilders are shooting
Soldier shooting
Man is shooting
Soldier shooting
The soldier fired with a gun
Firefighters crawl through the mud
The firemen scrambled up through the mud
Firefighters crawl through the dirt.
Firefighter in red is trapped in mud and crawls on the mountain
Firefighters climb forward in the mud
The firemen were in mud
The firemen crawled through the mud
Several firemen were crawling in the mud
The firemen crawled through the mud
Firefighters crawling in the dirt
One person get off a plane and shake hands with a woman.
a man gets off the plane and shakes hands with a female
a man shakes hands with a woman
a man shakes hands with a woman
A black man gets off the plane and shakes hands with a woman.
A black man gets off the plane and shakes hands with a woman.
a man shake hands with a woman.
a man shake hands with a woman.
a man shake hands with a woman.
Two people are shaking hands
Missile launchers in the night sky
The missile was launched in the dark.
The missile was launched in the dark.
The missile is firing
The missile lifted off in the dark
The missle is launching.
Russian army are launching missiles
The missile is launched into the air
missile launched into space
missile launched into space
An airplane takes off on the runway
Two planes are running on the track
fighter planes take off
Two fighters are taking off on the runway
Two planes are preparing to take off
Two fighters are ready to take off
Two planes are on the runway
Two planes take off on the runway
The two planes are on the runway
The fighter plane is slowly advancing on the ground
Fighter is flying in the sky
The fighter plane flew in the sky
The planes are flying in the sky.
The fighter threw a missile during the flight
two planes are flying in the air
Two fighter planes are flying in the air
Fighter planes are flying in the air
Several fighter planes are flying in the air
The fighter plane flew overhead and dropped bombs
The fighter plane dropped a missile in the sky
Several people swipe their cards at the subway station
Several people in red vests were queuing at the subway station to punch in
People swipe into rail station
Several people swipe into the station
People enter the station through the gates
some people swipes his card at the subway entrance
Several people are swiping their CARDS into the subway station
Several people were swiping their CARDS into the station
Several people swiped their CARDS into the subway station
Some people swipe their cards out of the subway station
an plane takes off
Black plane takes off
The plane glided on the ground.
A plane takes off
a gray plane takes off
A plane is taking off in America
A plane is taking off
A plane is taking off
A plane is taking off
Doctors are doing an operation
Doctors are doing an operation
The doctor operated in front of the operating table.
doctors are performing an operation
Many doctors crowded around the operating table
The doctors are operating on the table.
Doctors are doing an operation
The doctor performs surgery on the operating table
Doctors are doing an operation.
Doctors with green clothes and blue gauze mask are doing an operation.
Aerial video of a lawn
Grassland and Mountain Photographed by UAV
UAv aerial photography of grasslands and hillsides.
Aerial Grassland and Trees
Watching the field on the plane
Beautiful Landscape Greening
The golf course is located on the hillside
An overlook of a golf course.
Under the forest is a meadow, and the scenery is beautiful
Green meadows and hillsides.
Residents are moving supplies in the water
Flood fighting
People's post-disaster relief supplies
People walking in the water
Two people moving forward in water
 a man walks wading with his caption
Residents are moving supplies in the water
Some supplies are moving in water
Two people are moving things in the water.
Several people were walking in the water
US President Trump is speaking
Trump criticizes Iraqi leaders
Trump is talking
Trump is talking
Trump is speaking
There is someone who is speaking
Trump criticizes Iraqi leaders
Trump is interviewed by the media
US President's Speech
Trump is talking
scene of warplane military exercises
The warplanes are training on the ground.
A military exercise of fighter planes is under way.
The fighter planes are conducting military exercises.
Fighter take off
The airplane is conducting exercises.
The fighter is flying
Some fighters reday to take off.
A row of gray fighters take off after taxiing
The aircraft took off after taxiing.
Six planes flying in the sky to release a lot of colored smoke
Six planes flying in the sky to release a lot of colored smoke
Several planes flew in the sky.
Six planes flew in the sky.
Several planes performing in the sky
Six planes are flying in the air
The tail of the plane was covered with colorful smoke
Smoke from the tail of several flying planes
Grade Six jets out colorful air to perform in the air
Several planes perform in the sky, and the tail gas colours of different planes are different. 
a car hit two pedestrians while driving
A car hit two pedestrians
A car passes the pedestrian lane and crashes into two pedestrians
A van hit two people across the zebra crossing
A white van knocked down people
The white van hit two people
A car hit two pedestrians
A car hit two people
A car ran into two pedestrians in the process
a car hit a pedestrian
A group of athletes are swimming
A man is talking about a swimming game
Athletes compete in swimming
athletes are swimming
swimming competition
 several players are captionracing in the freestyle.
A group of athletes are swimming
Some athletes are swimming
A group of athletes are taking part in a swimming match.
The swimmers are having a swimming match
scene of meteor shower
There is a meteor shower in the night sky.
A meteor shower is coming.
There are meteors in the starry night sky.
Meteor shower in the night sky
A meteor crossed the sky
Starry sky
Many stars in the sky.
There are many stars in the black sky, and there are stars passing by from time to time
Starry sky.
The reporter interviewed local resident Jenny
A woman being interviewed
A woman is interviewed by CCTV at night.
A cctv female reporter interviewed a local female resident with a microphone
A woman is being interviewed
A white women is being interviewed.
A resident was interviewed
Residents are being interviewed
During the interview, three people passed by.
A resident is being interviewed
an aircraft landed from the air to the ground
A person is waving a green and red flag
a plane is landing
an aircraft landed from the air to the ground
an aircraft landed from the air to the ground
An airplane landed on the runway from the air
A man is commanding a plane to land
An airplane is landing
an airplane is Landing
An airplane landed from the air onto the ground
A young and A middle-aged man smiled and shook hands
Two people smiled and shook hands
A young man and a middle-aged man smile and shake hands.
Two middle-aged men smiled and shook hands
Two men are shaking hands
Korean and Korean leaders shake hands
Two people are shaking hands
Two men are shaking hands and smiling.
Two men are shaking hands and smiling
Two men smile and shake hands
Many children perform diabolo 
Many children perform diabolo 
Many children perform diabolo performances
Many elementary school students perform diabolo in the square
Many people are performing Diabolo
lots of kids playing with diabolo 
Many children are arranged in a neat formation to show Diabolo
Primary school sports performance
A group of school children are playing Diabolo
A group of pupils are twirling diabolo
A man in a black suit is speaking
A middle aged man in black is talking
Spokesperson for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
A man in a black suit speaks
a spokesperson is talking
a spokesperson is talking
The speaker is speaking
A man in a black suit was speaking
The spokesman is making a speech
A man is speaking
The bus was dragged out of the water
Underwater discovery of the remains of the victims
Two men stood on a platform and slowly dipped into the water
Two divers launched
Two men wear professional clothes and enter the water.
Two divers are going under water
Diver enters the water
Diver launching
Salvage personnel to carry out rescue 
The bus was dragged out of the water
Two men are shaking hands
DPRK and ROK hold Pyongyang meeting
Korea-DPRK Summit
See you twice in two days. Korean and Korean leaders meet in Pyongyang
 South Korean and North Korean leaders are talking 
Korean and Korean leaders are shaking hands and talking
Two men wear glasses
One person walks up and shakes hands with another.
South Korean and North Korean Leaders Meeting
President of Korea and North Korea shake hands and make speeches when they meet
A kayak drifts on a yellow river
Heavy rainfall is a continuing rise in floods and a critical situation.
a lifeboat floating in the water
A lifeboat manned in a flood
a lifeboat carrying people to escape
A lifeboat carrying people drifting in the flood
A red rubber boat was moving on the water
The muddy flood flooded half the height of the forest
A lifeboat was moving in the flood
a raft full of people fleeing trees in the flood, down the stream.
people are rowing
People are boating by the trees
People travel in boat because of the storm.
Many people are rowing
Someone is rowing a boat on the water
A group of people were boating on the water
Many people boat in the water
Several people are boating
Five men rowed in the water
One climbed the boat
A fire broke out in a building
A fire broke out in a building
A fire broke out in a building
A white building ignited a fire
The house is being burned by the fire
The museum is on fire
A building caught fire
A white building is on fire
A luxurious building caught fire
Some buildings are on fire
Holding a candle in one hand
A candle was held in someone's hand
A candle in a man's hand is burning
A candle held in the hand is burning, the girl is being hugged
A candle was burning
Someone is holding a candle.
A candle is burning
The candle in my hand was burning
A mother holding her baby
A man holds a burning candle in his hand
A passenger plane takes off
Flight 6231 take off safely
Airliner take-off
A plane is taking off
A plane takes off
A passenger plane is speeding on taxiing
A plane is taking off
An airplane taxied on the ground.
The white airliner is taking off
Two helicopters fly in the air
Two helicopters fly side by side in the air
Two helicopters fly in the sky.
Two helicopters fly in the air
Helicopter flying in the sky
Two helicopters flew together in the air
The helicopter is flying
Two helicopters are flying along with each other.
Two planes are flying in the air
Two helicopters fly in the air.
Two people are talking
Two people are talking
Two people are communicating.
Two people are talking
Two people are talking to each other
A man and a woman are talking
Two people are chatting
A man and a woman sat at the table and talked.
A man and a woman are talking
Bombers take off
The fighter plane takes off
The plane took off slowly and flew to high altitude
The plane took off from the runway
The plane flew into the sky
a plane takes off
take off
Aircraft
Bomber drill
Bombers take off
people are rowing and saving others.
Firefighters boat to rescue people.
Many people are on the shore and on the water
people are rowing.
Firefighters row in the boat to save people
firemen are rowing in the river
people are rowing and saving others.
Firefighters boat to rescue people.
Many people are on the shore and on the water
people are rowing.
All passengers are leaving the bus quickly
People on the bus are getting off quickly
All passengers are leaving the bus quickly
All passengers on the bus are getting off quickly
a group of people ran off the bus
Bus passengers rush to get off
Passengers get off in a hurry
People leave the bus
A group of people rushed out of the door, and a person on the empty bus took a hammer and took a child as a hostage
A large number of passengers rushed out of the bus door
a Man is speaking
A man in a black suit with glasses is speaking
a host is speeking
a host is speeking
a host is speeking
The anchorman is broadcasting news
A male host is talking.
A man in a suit is telling.
a Man is speaking
a host is speeking
People are playing taekwondo
The DPRK promises to agree to verify
A group of people performing Taekwondo
A group of people performing
a group of people performing taekwondo on the stage
a group of people wearing Taekwondo outfits are performing Taekwondo on stage
Several people are performing taekwondo
Taekwondo performance
a group of people performing taekwondo
People are playing taekwondo
Many cars are driving on crowded road
Many cars are driving on crowded road
A lot of cars are driving on the road.
many cars are driving on the crowded driveway
many car are driving on the road
many car are driving on the road
Many cars are passing on the road
Many cars are on the move
Many cars are passing on the road
a group of cars driving on the road
national flag is raising
 flag is Raising
flag raising ceremony
Raising the national flag
A soldier is raising national flag
The national flag is rising
The national flag is being raised
The red flag slowly rose.
The flag is being raised in the square
a large number of porcelains are displayed for display
The Philippines Prohibits Illegal Mining
Porcelain was exhibited.
Some porcelain was exhibited.
Open porcelain exhibition.
Some porcelain is on display in the exhibition hall。
A lot of China is placed on the table
All kinds of porcelain
Many Blue Porcelain exhibitions
Some of the Chinese ceramics on display have two-dimensional codes in front of them. 
The nurse is washing the hair for the elderly
The caregiver washed the old man's hair and chatted with her.
A short-haired nurse is washing the old man's hair.
A nurse is shampooing an old man lying in bed.
Volunteers wash their hair for the elderly
The nurse is washing the old man's hair.
The nurse is washing the hair for the elderly
The nurse is taking care of a old person.
A medical staff washes the head of an old man
The nurse is washing the hair for the elderly